USE ProductPortfolioReview;
CREATE TABLE monthly_product_financials
(
product_id smallint not null,
system_name varchar(255),
lob varchar(255),
product_group varchar(255),
reportdate date not null,
cloud_revenue money,
maintenance_revenue money,
other_revenue money,
services_revenue money,
subscription_revenue money,
total_revenue money,
dc_agencyfees money,
dc_other money,
dc_sellingcost money,
dc_thirdpartyroyalties money,
dc_total money,
rd_peoplecosts money,
rd_contractorcosts money,
rd_allocations money,
rd_othercosts money,
rd_numemployees smallint,
rd_numcontractors smallint,
rd_totalnumemployees smallint,
cs_peoplecosts money,
cs_contractorcosts money,
cs_allocations money,
cs_othercosts money,
cs_numemployees smallint,
cs_numcontractors smallint,
cs_totalnumemployees smallint,
ps_peoplecosts money,
ps_contractorcosts money,
ps_allocations money,
ps_othercosts money,
ps_numemployees smallint,
ps_numcontractors smallint,
ps_totalnumemployees smallint,
cd_peoplecosts money,
cd_contractorcosts money,
cd_allocations money,
cd_othercosts money,
cd_numemployees smallint,
cd_numcontractors smallint,
cd_totalnumemployees smallint,
sm_peoplecosts money,
sm_contractorcosts money,
sm_allocations money,
sm_othercosts money,
sm_numemployees smallint,
sm_numcontractors smallint,
sm_totalnumemployees smallint,
ga_peoplecosts money,
ga_contractorcosts money,
ga_allocations money,
ga_othercosts money,
ga_numemployees smallint,
ga_numcontractors smallint,
ga_totalnumemployees smallint,
capitalization_negative money,
capitalization_positive money
primary key (product_id,reportdate)
);